[Fed-Aero]-[Docs] Update the remaining README files (#3043)
open-edge-platform/edge-ai-suites: federal-aerospace/apps/handheld-multi-modal/AGENTS.md

| `apps/nginx/nginx.conf`                 | HTTPS reverse proxy (self-signed cert, TLS 1.3 only)                                  |
| `apps/nginx/nginx-standalone.conf`      | HTTPS reverse proxy for standalone mode (without Visual Pipeline and Platform Evaluation Tool UI block)                     |
| `collector/telegraf.conf`               | Telegraf configuration copied into Visual Pipeline and Platform Evaluation Tool metrics-manager through `make vippet-configure`         |

## Key Environment Variables

| Variable           | Set by                     | Purpose                                   |
| ------------------ | -------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| `RENDER_GID`       | `make setup` (auto-detect) | GPU device group for OpenVINO model server|
| `GRAFANA_PASSWORD` | manual / defaults `admin`  | Grafana dashboard admin password          |
| `CDI_XE_DEVICE_0`  | manual                     | CDI device path (CDI variant only)        |

Run `make setup` (idempotent) to auto-populate `.env` before any `make up` variant.

## Useful Commands

```bash

> make setup            # detects the render group GID and writes it into the .env file (idempotent)

Author: @pperycz - Is the definition for "make setup" correct?

> make deploy           # full one-shot: setup, Visual Pipeline and Platform Evaluation Tool, and this stack (standard GPU)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
make deploy           # full one-shot: setup Visual Pipeline and Platform Evaluation Tool, and this stack (standard GPU)
```

Author: @jakubsikorski - Thanks for the suggestion. Based on the original sentence, I believe we are talking about three things here: the setup, the Visual Pipeline and Platform Evaluation Tool, and the stack. Your suggestion made me realize that we should make things clearer - I'll check with the subject matter expert.

Author: @pperycz - would the following definition be clearer for "make deploy"?

full one-shot deployment: detects the render group GID and writes it into the .env file (idempotent), sets up Visual Pipeline and Platform Evaluation Tool, and sets up this stack.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
make deploy           # full one-shot deployment: sets runtime environment variables for the stack, tailors Visual Pipeline and Platform Evaluation Tool installation (metrics-manager and supported models) and brings up the stack components in the correct order
```
